Dashboards main page (#5783)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/graphing/dashboards/_index.md

  text: "Discover all available Widgets for your Dashboard"
---

## Overview

> A dashboard is Datadog's tool for visually tracking, analyzing, and displaying key performance metrics to monitor the health of your infrastructure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A dashboard is Datadog's tool for visually tracking, analyzing, and displaying key performance metrics, which enable you to monitor the health of your infrastructure.
```

## Dashboard List

Search, view, or create dashboards and lists on the [Dashboard List][1] page. By default, this is the landing page after you login to Datadog. To change the default landing page for your organization, contact [Datadog support][2].

{{< img src="graphing/dashboards/dashboard_list2.png" alt="Dashboard List page" responsive="true" >}}

### New list

To create a dashboard list, click on the **New List +** button in the upper right.

> The list's title is automatically set with the user's first name. For example, if John Doe created a dashboard, the default title is `John's list`. To change a list's title, click on the title and the text becomes editable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The list's title is automatically set with the user's first name. For example, if John Doe creates a dashboard, the default title is `John's list`. To change a list's title, click on the title for the text to become editable.
```

To add dashboards to a list, select their corresponding check boxes in the main Dashboard list. Then click on the *Add to List* button in the upper right corner of the Dashboard list:

{{< img src="graphing/dashboards/dash_to_list.png" alt="Add Dashboard to list" responsive="true" style="width:70%;">}}

### Lists

The left sidebar displays favorite, preset, and shared, editable lists. You can hide this sidebar using the **Hide Controls** link.

#### Favorite Lists

> Favorite lists are dashboard lists starred by the current user logged into Datadog. **Note**: If you have no starred lists, the *Favorite Lists* category is hidden.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Favorite lists are dashboard lists starred by the current logged in user. **Note**: If you have no starred lists, the *Favorite Lists* category is hidden.
```

#### Preset Lists

Preset lists are default dashboard lists in Datadog:

| List                     | Description                                                                 |
|--------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| All Custom               | Custom dashboards made by any team member in your organization's account.   |
| All Hosts                | Automatic dashboards created by Datadog when you add a host.                |
| All Integrations         | Automatic dashboards created by Datadog when you install an integration.    |

> | Created By You           | Custom dashboards created by the user currently logged into Datadog.        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Created By You           | Custom dashboards created by the user currently logged in user.       |
```

> | Created By You           | Custom dashboards created by the user currently logged in user.       |

Author: ```suggestion
| Created By You           | Custom dashboards created by the currently logged in user.       |
```

> | Frequently Viewed By You | All dashboards frequently viewed by the user currently logged into Datadog. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Frequently Viewed By You | All dashboards frequently viewed by the currently logged in user. |
```

#### Shared, Editable Lists

This section displays shared, editable dashboard lists with the number of dashboards in each list.

### All Dashboards

All dashboards listed are sortable using the column headers *Star*, *Name*, *Modified*, and *Popularity*. All columns with descriptions are listed below:

| Column     | Description                                                                              |
|------------|------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | Star       | All dashboards starred by the user currently logged into Datadog.                        |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Star       | All dashboards starred by the currently logged in user.                        |
```

| Icon       | An icon indicating the type of dashboard (timeboard or screenboard).                     |
| Name       | The name of the custom or preset dashboard.                                              |
| Modified   | The last modified date of a custom dashboard.                                            |
| Popularity | The relative [popularity](#popularity) of the dashboard for your organization.           |
| Creator    | The profile icon of the dashboard's creator. Preset dashboards use the integration logo. |

#### Popularity

> An organization's most popular dashboard displays five popularity bars. All other Dashboards are relative to this dashboard. Popularity is based on the amount of traffic a dashboard receives. Popularity is updated daily, so new dashboards have zero popularity bars for up to 24 hours.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An organization's most popular dashboard displays five popularity bars. All other dashboards are relative to this dashboard. Popularity is based on the amount of traffic a dashboard receives. Popularity is updated daily; new dashboards have zero popularity bars for up to 24 hours.
```

**Note**: Traffic to public dashboard URLs is ignored for popularity.

## New Dashboard

> To create a dashboard, click on the **New Dashboard +** button in the upper right. Enter a dashboard name and choose between creating a [Timeboard][3] or a [Screenboard][4].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a dashboard, click on the **New Dashboard +** button in the upper right. Enter a dashboard name and choose between creating a [timeboard][3] or a [screenboard][4].
```

> ### Screenboard vs Timeboard

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Screenboard vs. timeboard
```

> Datadog offers two types of dashboards: [Screenboards][4] and [Timeboards][5]. To more clearly understand the differences between the two, consider the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog offers two types of dashboards: [screenboards][4] and [timeboards][5]. To more clearly understand the differences between the two, consider the following:
```

|                            | Timeboards                            | Screenboards                              |
|----------------------------|---------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------|

> | Time Scope                 | All graphs share the same time scope. | Graphs can have individual time scopes.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Time scope                 | All graphs share the same time scope. | Graphs can have individual time scopes.   |
```
